today's video was supposed to be an
assassin's creed unity benchmarking
video but as I found it extremely
difficult to deliver a video to you guys
that would have been up to our usual
standard of quality thanks to various
bugs and performance related issues
throughout the entirety of the
benchmarking process I decided to forego
that plan entirely and play some better
games some more stable games instead
while testing the extremely interesting
asus rog Gladius gaming mouse for more
videos and not related to the Assassin's
Creed unity subscribe to Lana's tech
tips corsair gaming RGB keyboards
feature precision Cherry MX RGB key
switches for sixteen point eight million
color / key backlighting for virtually
unlimited customization click now to
learn more clearly the most unusual
feature of this mouse is the swappable
Omron switches for the left and right
click but the details of that awesome
feature will have to wait for later for
now we'll start with the physical
overview at first glance it will likely
remind you of a razer deathadder and for
many people that's probably a good thing
weighing in at around 115 hundred and
sixteen grams it has some heft to it and
I personally like the weight but if
you're looking for a lighter Mouse
you're kind of out of luck here as
unfortunately there is no changeable
weighting system in terms of grip as
always it's different strokes for
different folks but personally this most
is too small for me to palm so I've
fallen back to my trusty aggressive claw
grip on the rubber sides unfortunately I
didn't find the rubberized material to
be grippy enough to easily hold the most
while moving and lifting it especially
once my fingers got a little bit sweaty
after a little bit of gaming but my claw
grip does have very few points of
contact and those points of contact have
a relatively small surface area due to
my fingers pointing directly inwards
towards the mouse itself on the other
hand this most fits kind up perfectly
for Linus's palm grip with the increased
surface area of his palm grip he found
the grips to not really be that big of a
problem now there are more tight
Grips than just these two and if my claw
grip was a little bit more relaxed I
likely wouldn't have an issue with the
rubber grips either so your mileage may
vary another thing to note about the
left and right buttons is that they are
separate from the rest of the noses
actual body at first I thought this was
pretty cool but upon further inspection
I immediately noticed that they were
noticeably wobbly unfortunately to the
point where I even picked up on it while
playing games this results in different
areas of the button feeling drastically
different depress I found personally
that the worst spot was near the front
of the button and the best spot was near
the top on the inside which was both the
most responsive and had the least amount
of kind of horizontal awkward movement
that brings us to the scroll wheel and
dpi changing button the scroll wheel has
this fairly standard fare it is a
rubberized texture and nicely pronounced
scroll points it also has a press into
click but unfortunately lacks the left
and right functionality that we see on
some other scroll wheels the sensitivity
changing button behind the scroll wheel
has only two custom modes although
personally that's all I would really use
anyways these modes can be set in the
driver where you also see a slew of
other options amongst the sensitivity
and 2,000 Hertz polling rate options
you'll find angle snapping and
acceleration which you should definitely
leave off if you're a gamer also in the
driver you'll find some button
functionality editing macro setup and
some basic lighting control options
which include breathing which is always
a favourite of mine back to the physical
view of the mouse we have the removable
USB cable slot which goes along with the
two included cables at first look I was
appalled to say the least not only do I
hate micro USB cables because of how
fragile they are but it also just seemed
so unnecessary I've never had an issue
packing a mouse safely to protect its
cable due to their naturally small size
but before I went on a crazy rant about
how much I hated this I spoke with Linus
who pointed out that in an emergency you
could charge your phone if you didn't
have another cable and this does seem to
be a
otters Mouse and while a mod or maybe
swapping out a cable while they're
swapping out their switches they could
swap out that cable for a different
color a different length lighter
material who knows
whatever it is they can do it they may
need something like a glue gun to keep
the cable in place as the included like
squeeze mounting system that the cable
has when you get it out of the box won't
be on your replacement cable it it would
still be possible while this doesn't
necessarily make me happy with this as a
design choice I must admit that it may
possibly maybe make some sense but
regardless of that we're now on the
inside of the most or we get our first
glance at the extremely easy to swap
around switches the stock switches can
be identified by either their white or
gray protruding stems unfortunately I
don't have any actual spec lists on
these as the manual was quite sparse and
as of yet there is no downloadable
manual from their website although I'm
sure this will be addressed once they
watch this video and last but not least
there is the sole of the mouse and the
sensor that picsArt three nine eight
eight featured in this mouse doesn't
feel like it has any acceleration in my
subjective testing and it felt quite
good while playing counter-strike go
which is a really good sign
overall this is a very interesting Mouse
well Isis has offered mice before I
think it wouldn't be too bold to say
this is their first real foray into the
world of premium gaming mice and knowing
a seuss it will only get better from
here they changed the game up with this
Mouse by introducing swappable switches
hopefully they can keep the ball rolling
and fix some of the quirks that
prevented the Gladius from being as good
as we were hoping alright guys thanks
for watching thanks to Ubisoft I'm late
for the LAN show and have to kind of run
off and go do that right now so
subscribe like comment here comment on
the forum just do the Amazon affiliate
thing buy a shirt click on the support
us link and thanks for watching I'll see
you next time